Use this data_readme to briefly describe your data

These directories are meant to be organized as follows:
- external: Store data that you obtained from outside the repo, meaning that
  they cannot be regenerated by the code contained in the repo. These data
  should be committed. If you external data is too large consider to store 
  them in a database or in an external data repository. 
  Github LFS might also be an alternative. The data stored in the external
  repository should always be accommodated by a data codebook.
  This folder remains empty for this project, as there is no external data directly uploaded to the folder, instead data is pulled from WRDS and prepared (filtrated) into `data/generated` folder.
  
  from external readme:
  The two data files "fama_french_12_industries.csv" and "fama_french_48_industries.csv" are look-up files that help to match Standard Industry Classifiers (SIC) codes to industry classifications used by Fama and French for their industry portfolios (http://mba.tuck.dartmouth.edu/pages/faculty/ken.french/data_library.html).

Both files are organized as comma separated value files with the first row containing the variable names. They have two columns: The first column lists the SIC codes and the second column lists the respective industry name. Thus, they can easily be matched with SIC codes that come with firm level data.

Two things are worth mentioning:

- Please never forget: SIC codes look like numeric variables but they are not. They are discrete factors. It is good policy to treat them this way, also because otherwise they will loose their leading.
- Both Fama/French industry classifications do not map the whole SIC universe into industries. You will have firms that cannot be matched. 

- generated: This is derivative data that are generated by running the code 
  within the repo. A codebook might be nice if you expect users to work with
  the data without working through your code but not strictly require.
- pulled: This is where you store data that your repo code pulls from external
  sources. Most of the time a data codebook won't be necessary as the external
  sources will provide documentation.
  
Obviously, you can use more descriptive folder names as you see fit. But we would encourage you to always separate external data from code generated data and to only commit data that cannot be code generated. An exception could be made on cases where generating the data takes substantial time and the resulting dataset is relatively small.

In the folders 'pulled' and 'generated' a .gitignore prevents accidental committing of generated data.  